[ServiceBus] batch data error and doc update (#12065)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/README.md

    # idle_timeout specifies how long the receiver should wait with no incoming messages before stopping receipt.  
    # Default is None; to receive forever.
    with client.get_queue_receiver(queue_name, idle_timeout=30) as receiver:
        for msg in receiver:  # ServiceBusReceiver instance is a generator
            print(str(msg))
```

#### Receive messages from a queue through `ServiceBusReceiver.receive()`

> > **NOTE:** `ServiceBusReceiver.receive()` always returns an array of messages.

Reviewer: I'm a little hesitant to remove the "as opposed to receiving perpetually" line but I do think the terseness upfront is worthwhile

Author: I can put the note back under this section, will tweak.

#### Receive messages from a queue through `ServiceBusReceiver.receive()`

> > **NOTE:** `ServiceBusReceiver.receive()` provides another mechanism to receive if it is desired to receive a single or constrained batch of messages through a single method call, as opposed to receiving perpetually. It always returns an array of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** `ServiceBusReceiver.receive()` receives a single or constrained batch of messages through an ad-hoc method call, as opposed to receiving perpetually from the generator. It always returns a list.
```

connstr = os.environ['SERVICE_BUS_CONN_STR']
queue_name = os.environ['SERVICE_BUS_QUEUE_NAME']

> queue_name = os.environ['SERVICE_BUS_SESSION_ID']

Reviewer: we already had a session_id os environ, we just called it "queue_name"; let's adjust that rather than adding a new line
